Initial setup instructions (#27694)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_integrations/reolink.markdown

- E1 Pro
- E1

## Initial Setup

> 

Reviewer: I would first recommend users to just use the Reolink app/windows/mac client and follow the instructions there. That is by far the easiest and what most users are going to do. Once the setup is complete and the username and password of the camera is set in the Reolink client, use those same credentials inside Home Assistant.

Then as a second option for camera's that have a LAN port (most WiFi camera's also have a LAN port), connect the camera to your network using a LAN cable and browse to the IP adress of the camera. Follow the instructions to create the user credentials (needed in HomeAssistant). Then in the settings of the camera, configure the wifi SSID and password, once configured disconnect the LAN cable and the camera will automatically switch to the wifi connection if the wifi credentials are correct.

Then we can explain how to do it if someone insists on not using the Reolink app/windows/mac client and has a camera withouth a LAN port as you discribed.

> You'll need to configure your new camera/doorbell for your network. If you're using a wired LAN this is simple enough. Simply plug it in and let it use DHCP to set itself up. Once it's recognized by your network you can access its configuration with a web browser.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You'll need to configure your new camera/doorbell for your network. If you're using a wired LAN, this is simple enough. Simply plug it in and let it use DHCP to set itself up. Once it's recognized by your network, you can access its configuration with a web browser.
```

> If you prefer to use Wi-Fi, especially if you want to retrict it to a local IoT network, [here's a quick way to get it connected](https://www.reddit.com/r/reolink/comments/hjn5be/how_to_connect_wifi_without_an_app/). Simply create a QR code with the following XML string:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you prefer to use Wi-Fi, especially if you want to restrict it to a local IoT network, [here's a quick way to get it connected](https://www.reddit.com/r/reolink/comments/hjn5be/how_to_connect_wifi_without_an_app/). Simply create a QR code with the following XML string:
```

> If you prefer to use Wi-Fi, especially if you want to restrict it to a local IoT network, [here's a quick way to get it connected](https://www.reddit.com/r/reolink/comments/hjn5be/how_to_connect_wifi_without_an_app/). Simply create a QR code with the following XML string:

Reviewer 3: We should avoid the term `Simply` in general. What is simple for you, doesn't have to be simple for someone else and thus might come across as condescending.

I'm not sure if the reddit link provides any additional value?

Reviewer: I agree.

There is no additional info in the reddit post, so I think we can remove it

Reviewer: So actually I don't even know how to make a QR code.
Is this something build in to many phones or do you need a app/online tool to create QR codes?

    <QR><S>ssid</S><P>password</P><C>last4</C></QR>

> Use the `ssid` and `password` of your IoT network. The `last4` is the last 4 digits of the QR code used for the Reolink setup - it's printed under the QR code or simply scan the QR code and grab the last 4 digites.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Use the `ssid` and `password` of your IoT network. The `last4` is the last 4 digits of the QR code used for the Reolink setup. It's printed under the QR code. You can also scan the QR code and grab the last 4 digits.
```

> Use the `ssid` and `password` of your IoT network. The `last4` is the last 4 digits of the QR code used for the Reolink setup. It's printed under the QR code. You can also scan the QR code and grab the last 4 digits.

Reviewer: > the QR code used for the Reolink setup

Where can a user find this QR code?
